Hello.
Gino Fort, back to teach you how to dime stop.
Dime stop is a cool technique I would like
us to use, for popping especially, because
not only is it a great visual to the eye but
it's great to use period.
Dime stop composes of ticking in isolated
movements.
You can use almost anything with dime stopping.
You can even include slow mo when you dime
stop.
You can either bounce off the beat or you
can bounce your body off the beat or you can
tick it slightly and stop.
That's where the stop comes in.
Dime stop.
So when you do it, hit, hit, hit, hit, hit,
bounce.
Hit, stop.
You could use almost anything with it.
You could use elbows and go low.
Pop, pop.
Here is a simple dime stopping routine that
you can do by yourself.
Go one, two, three, four, move your head slowly
to the left, four and move your whole body
to the left towards your arm.
So one, two, three, four, five.
That's going to be your routine but it has
to be quick.
It has to be very quick.
Let's do it.
Five, six, slowly, seven, eight.
One, two, three, four, five.
Let's try it again.
Five, six, seven and eight.
One, two, three, four, five.
So let's try it with some music.